[SOLDIER A]
♪ How I long for the ground! ♪
[SOLDIER C, SOLDIER B]
♪ Ho‐yare‐ho! ♪
[SOLDIER A]
♪ How I long for the worms! ♪
[SOLDIER C, SOLDIER B]
♪ Ho‐yare‐ho! ♪
[SOLDIER A] ♪ To unknowingly
step and fall. ♪
[SOLDIER C, SOLDIER B]
♪ In a pitfall. Ow! ♪
[SOLDIER A] ♪ That was dug
by your own child. ♪
[SOLDIER B, SOLDIER C]
♪ That's a father's love! ♪
[GROUP] ♪ Yare‐ho!
Yare‐ho! Yare‐ho‐ho! ♪
[SOLDIER A]
Quick question, bro.
[SOLDIER B]
What is it, bro?
[SOLDIER A]
What are we doing right now?
[SOLDIER C]
Isn't it obvious? We're rowing!
[SOLDIER A]
Through the sky?
[SOLDIER B]
What's it matter where we are?
[SOLDIER A]
It's just... there's no water.
[SOLDIER C]
Woo‐hoo! Just look at us go!
[SOLDIER A] I can't even
tell if we're moving.
[SOLDIER C] Ooh! There's
a floating continent.
[SOLDIER A]
Where? We don't have windows!
[SOLDIER C] I heard a rumor,
and we might have a problem.
[SOLDIER A]
What is it?
[SOLDIER C] Well, apparently,
this ship is powered by magic.
[SOLDIER A]
Huh? Magic?
[SOLDIER B]
Wait, what does that make us?
Just what have we
been rowing for?
[SOLDIER C]
Nothing! That's the problem!
Well, then why don't
we all just stop, huh?
[SOLDIER A]
Why are we shouting?!
[SOLDIERS]
♪ Yare‐ho! Yare‐ho! ♪
♪ Pointless or not,
we're still gonna row! ♪
The three of you are
needed topside, now!
[SOLDIERS]
Sir!
Uh, what exactly
were you men doing?
You made an awful racket.
[SOLDIER A] Oh. We were just
playing make‐believe, sir!
[COMMANDER 02B]
I see‐‐ What?!
You're on‐duty soldiers,
not children!
I'm docking all three
of your rations!
[SOLDIERS]
Aw.
We're really here.
[GROZA] Please be
cautious, Your Highness.
As an envoy, you should be safe.
But you must remember that
our countries are at war.
[ADEL] You don't quite strike me
as the silver‐tongued type.
Are you sure you can do this?
I should be able
to deliver a letter.
Ha! Do you really think
it's gonna be that simple?
Like Lady Groza just said,
Black and White are
in the middle of a war.
It's possible that
we won't make it back.
And if things go south,
it'll be the envoy's head
they cut off first.
Adel!
[laughs] I'm not
trying to scare you.
I'm suggesting that
we be cautious.
Up here, let's keep
your identity a secret.
[gasps]
I'll play the diplomat,
and you play my guard.
[GROZA]
Why go that far?
'Cause he's gonna be our king.
Fact is, we can't have him
sticking his neck
out needlessly.
You mean that?
[ADEL]
Looks like we're about to dock.
Ya ready to get booed
at by strangers?
You must be from Black.
I thought as much. Damn you.
[ADEL] My bodyguard
means only to protect me.
Forgive his brashness.
We wish you no harm.
[PHIOUS]
I take it you're the envoy.
You were told to expect us.
That is the case, right?
The letter.
[ADEL] This is from
our sovereign to yours.
You.
Retrieve the letter from them.
We aren't a threat.
So lower your weapon.
I'll decide who isn't a threat.
I can understand
your position here.
But I am not your foe.
I'm a humble messenger.
And I don't believe
you have the authority
to turn me back at this point.
[PHIOUS] You turned violent and
I was forced to cut you down.
None would doubt my word.
You would lie to your queen?
[PHIOUS] It is a knight's
duty to guard the queen
from any threat.
You really shouldn't let
your rage control you.
[PHIOUS]
What did you say?
Nevermind. Just
talking to myself.
This war should end.
It serves no purpose.
Are we agreed?
[PHIOUS] You're the ones
who've been on the attack.
[sighs] That's because
our king is deranged.
[ADEL] And yet, no one
can defy his will.
We're far too weak.
Our land has no Progenitor Rune.
The King of Darkness himself
is our equivalent.
[ADEL] It's not something the
average citizen worries about.
Our ruler decides
their fates on a whim.
They think that's just
the way this world works.
Get to the point.
As a civil servant of
the Kingdom of Black,
I want to see peace restored.
If that's how you feel,
then maybe you should
take it up with your countrymen.
If I tried to, I'd get this.
[PHIOUS] So you serve
a madman out of fear.
That's what's wrong
with your country.
I quite agree,
this is no way to live.
I would like nothing more
than to crown a new king.
Oh?
The king's forbears
weren't like this.
I won't pretend to know
what went on in their heads,
but from what I've heard,
they used to stay on
the ground, at least.
[PHIOUS]
I've heard the same.
I'd say that confirms it.
Though, Black's history
remains largely mysterious.
[ADEL] Our king will be
succeeded eventually.
We just need to outlast him.
And when that day comes,
my hope is that we'll have
laid out the groundwork
for a lasting peace.
[PHIOUS]
I don't care. I'm just a knight.
[ADEL]
Really?
[PHIOUS]
What?
[ADEL]
Isn't it part of a vassal's duty
to guide his liege
in the right direction?
[PHIOUS] Seems odd that
you invite me to do
what you can't do yourself.
[ADEL] The difference is
that you might succeed.
Heh. Fair. Your name?
Adel.
I'll defer your
execution for now.
You seem unusually reasonable...
for a subject of Black.
Believe it or not, there
are many just like me.
Give your weapons to my knights.
I'll handle the formalities.
Well, Your Majesty?
[PHIOUS]
I'll show them in.
[BOYS laughing]
[BOY 04C]
Hey! Those are demons!
[MOTHER 04A]
Ssh! Don't look at them!
It sounds like they've got
some prejudice up here.
I guess reforming the way
that people think'll be
an important goal on the
surface and in the sky.
What are you two
muttering about?
You're a diplomat.
Have some manners.
Ah. Whoops! Sorry 'bout that.
You seem to have forgotten
how to speak formally.
So when do you plan to leave?
If negotiations go smoothly,
I could leave today.
At least, I'd like to say that.
Realistically, it'll take
at least a few days
to iron out the details.
[PHIOUS]
You'll be none too welcome.
[ADEL]
Yes. I'm keenly aware of that.
[PHIOUS]
Perhaps the barracks, then.
So I might keep an eye on you.
I have to ask.
Are you permitted to meet
envoys at your discretion?
I'd have to get the
queen's permission.
I have brought the messenger
from the Kingdom of Black.
The queen will meet you here.
[ADEL]
Right.
Thank you for waiting.
I've come here from
the Kingdom of Black.
I am known as Adel Batinder.
I'm a poor substitute
for my king,
but I'll strive
to be of service.
[sighs]
Well met, sir. I have read
your king's message.
At present, relations
between our two kingdoms
are just about as
hostile as they can be.
Before today, it seemed
that this war would
likely end with one of
our kingdoms destroyed.
[ADEL]
Your Majesty speaks truly.
Yet you would seek our aid?
[ADEL] The enemy of my enemy
may not always be my friend.
But we could share
a united front.
It's true.
There is one who ravages
my land for no reason
but to satisfy his whim.
Bahl does the same
in our country.
I sympathize.
However, your king simply
wants the incarnation
of destruction out of
the way so he can focus
his aggression on my country.
That's only true
for the current king.
Right.
His Majesty is considering
abdicating the throne
in the near future.
He's reigned for a significant
number of years, already.
The Kingdom of Black wishes
to establish and maintain
a permanent balance with
the Kingdom of White.
[AIDE 01A]
Excuse me, young man.
But are you speaking for
the king himself in this?
Yes.
[AIDE 01A] That strikes
me as contradictory.
I can repeat the king's words
but I can't explain his mind.
So, forgive me.
I will. But I don't believe you.
The choice is yours.
What will you do,
Queen of Light?
I need time.
We will speak again.
[SOLDIER A]
So, do you think the envoys
made it to the palace safely?
[SOLDIER B] I thought they
were gonna get cut down
for a minute there.
I'm sure everything'll
work out. That Adel guy?
He's one smooth talker.
What's wrong with you three?
[sighs]
Does the fact that you're
all on duty right now
mean nothing to you?
[SOLDIER A] Sir! Permission to
make a request, please!
Go on.
[SOLDIER A]
Please give me a name, sir!
[SOLDIER B] Actually, I was
gonna ask the same thing!
[SOLDIER C] Yeah, I'm worried
that otherwise we might
be unnecessarily difficult
to distinguish, sir.
Why's that?
I can tell you three apart
just by looking at your faces.
We can see how that might
be good enough for you.
But are you everybody, sir? No!
There are lots of folks
who aren't you!
[COMMANDER 02B]
Well, that's true, but...
You could at least
give us nicknames!
All right, I'll do it!
I can tell that you'll
keep hounding me
for all eternity if I don't.
[SOLDIER A]
All eternity?
[SOLDIER C]
People don't live that long.
[SOLDIER B]
Think before you speak, sir.
Hush! Shut up so I can decide
what to call you morons.
[GROUP]
Hooray!
[COMMANDER 02B]
You're, ah, Achibe!
Sir!
[COMMANDER 02B]
You're B... B... Bakase!
Sir!
Is that really the best
you could come up with?
[COMMANDER 02B]
Quiet!
And you're Cee... chan.
That sounds like a kid's name.
[COMMANDER 02B]
Ugh. Stop your whining!
It's either that or
Chancee, take your pick.
Hey! You just named
us A, B, and C!
What if they shorten
my name to "Baka"?
I don't feel like
"Ceechan" really captures
my raw masculinity.
No complaining! You begged
me for these names.
Ya can't give 'em back now.
[GROZA] You certainly
seem to be having fun!
It must be nice
to go through life
without a care in the world.
[GROUP]
Ma'am!
[GROZA]
No! Don't you "ma'am" me!
[GROUP]
Ma'am?
Get cleaning!
I want this ship sparkling from
stem to stern, understand?
And don't even look at me
until you've finished!
[GROUP]
Ma'am...
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04A] Lady
Groza! Sir Vallus needs you.
[MERCHANT 04A] Step right up
and take a look at my wares!
Worn down by hard times?
Well, I've got just
the stuff for you!
I've got food to fill your belly
and drink to dull the pain!
Cheap as you can
find it! But good!
Hey! Pretty lady, why
don't you come look at‐‐
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04B]
Ssh!
[MERCHANT 04A]
Isn't she...?
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04B]
That's Lady Groza.
Oh. Yeah, that's her!
She's as beautiful as ever!
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04B]
Of course she is.
But her ladyship isn't
just good looking.
She has power to match.
[MERCHANT 04A]
I bet they called her here
to help deal
with the monster.
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04B]
What? Who told you that?
Did you think it was a secret?
Everyone knows that
something's on its way.
[DARKNESS SOLDIER 04B]
Stop.
I'm gonna pretend I didn't
hear you say that, all right?
Your Highness, be safe up there.
You'll stay in here.
Technically, you're
the queen's guests.
Wait, what? Why
only technically?
Because your country
constantly invades mine.
Fair enough.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Um. Sir Phious?
Go on.
I wonder. Could you
tell me what Iris is like?
Mind your manners.
You have no right to refer
to her so familiarly.
Do you hope to find a way
to influence her choice?
No. I was just curious, is all.
My apologies, sir.
Forgive our rudeness.
It's not intended.
The situation with Bahl
is quite urgent.
If we speak out of turn or cross
any lines, that's the reason.
The queen's character
isn't your concern.
Regardless of why you're asking.
[ADEL]
As you say, sir.
That was a most
impertinent question.
Know this.
Her Majesty's choice
will be hers alone.
Iris. Queen Iris
[ADEL]
Hey. Do you mind?
What's wrong?
Kinda feel like I should
be the one asking you that.
It isn't just
the weird question.
You grabbed your sword like you
were gonna fight that knight.
Spoke out of turn
to the friggin' queen.
You're a tough guy
to clean up after.
Look, I don't like
these people either.
They got gold spoons
up their butts.
And honestly?
I doubt that they can even
tell "demons" like us apart.
That isn't true.
[ADEL]
You don't think so?
I can guarantee you that
when they hear "darkness"
they think "evil" right away.
[ADEL] Know why the Queen of
Light's dragging her feet?
It's so she can leverage this
to turn the war in her favor.
You're wrong. Trust me.
She's not like that.
I'm not tryin' to say that
all of them are terrible.
I don't think...
...it's really about
light and dark.
[ADEL] Welp, we'll find out
if the queen feels the same
when she decides
on this alliance.
Try and get some sleep.
Goodnight, Your Highness.
Are you up, too?
Iris.
[IRIS] I shall do my duty.
As the Queen of Light.
[IRIS]
My duty, and nothing more.
[IRIS] Such is my role.
The path I chose.
[IRIS] I've considered
your proposed alliance.
[ADEL]
Your grace.
I'll choose...
...once I've asked a question.
[ADEL]
By all means.
[IRIS]
My question is for you.
Forgive me.
But my bodyguard isn't
schooled in the ways of court.
Which is why I've asked him.
The people of your kingdom.
How do they feel right now?
[AIDE 01A]
Please, Queen Iris.
What wisdom could you hope
to gain from a commoner‐‐?
My people are afraid.
Death follows Bahl
wherever he goes.
I can't tell you what they'd
make of this alliance.
But I know it would
save countless lives.
[IRIS]
Very well.
Together,
we will bring down Bahl.